README.md, before:

# Depop Search Monitor:

**A discord bot that you can run on your laptop.**

**Built to send messages and notify you instantly of new items listed on depop.**

**Fully customisable with the filters available on the website directly.**

## Setup

1) Create a bot with message permissions onto the server you want to recieve the messages in.
2) Set the bot token in the `.env` file you cn cretate from the `.env.example` file.
3) In `searches.json` set the channel ids of the channels you want each monitored search to be in.
4) Customise the fields in the JSON to filter for searches you want specifically!

Available search params that can be set in the `"params"` field of each serach to monitor in the JSON are:

            what
            cursor
            items_per_page
            country
            'brands', 
            'sizes', 
            'conditions', 
            'colours', 
            'discount_types
            sort
            currency
            'user_id'
            'price_min'
            'price_max'
            'is_discounted'
            'min_discount'
            'max_discount'
            'groups'
            'product_types'
            'is_kids'
            'gender'
            force_fee_calculation
            from

Commit message:

setup steps in README
Corrected typos and updated setup instructions in README.

README.md, after:

# Depop Search Monitor:

**A discord bot that you can run on your laptop.**

**Built to send messages and notify you instantly of new items listed on depop.**

**Fully customisable with the filters available on the website directly.**

## Setup

1) Create a bot with message permissions onto the server you want to recieve the messages in.
2) Clone this repo, and run `npm i` in the folder yo setup dependancies
3) Set the bot token in the `.env` file you cn cretate from the `.env.example` file.
4) In `searches.json` set the channel ids of the channels you want each monitored search to be in.
5) Customise the fields in the JSON to filter for searches you want specifically (*)
6) Run the code `node index.js`

(*) Available search params that can be set in the `"params"` field of each serach to monitor in the JSON are:

            what
            cursor
            items_per_page
            country
            'brands', 
            'sizes', 
            'conditions', 
            'colours', 
            'discount_types
            sort
            currency
            'user_id'
            'price_min'
            'price_max'
            'is_discounted'
            'min_discount'
            'max_discount'
            'groups'
            'product_types'
            'is_kids'
            'gender'
            force_fee_calculation
            from
